## Problem statement¶

### Context
Consider a well-established company operating in the retail food sector. Presently they have around several hundred thousand registered customers and serve almost one million consumers a year. They sell products from 5 major categories: wines, rare meat products, exotic fruits, specially prepared fish and sweet products. These can further be divided into gold and regular products. The customers can order and acquire products through 3 sales channels: physical stores, catalogs and company’s website. Globally, the company had solid revenues and a healthy bottom line in the past 3 years, but the profit growth perspectives for the next 3 years are not promising... For this reason, several strategic initiatives are being considered to invert this situation. One is to improve the performance of marketing activities, with a special focus on marketing campaigns.

The new campaign, sixth, aims at selling a new gadget to the Customer Database. To build the model, a pilot campaign involving 2.240 customers was carried out. The customers were selected at random and contacted by phone regarding the acquisition of the gadget. During the following months, customers who bought the offer were properly labeled (Response = 1).

The total cost of the sample campaign was 6.720MU and the revenue generated by the customers who accepted the offer was 3.674MU. Globally the campaign had a profit of -3.046MU. The success rate of the campaign was 15%.

### Objective
Develop a model that predicts customer behavior and to apply it to the rest of the customer base.

**This is a classification task with `Response` as target variable.**
